README.md, before:

# Angular Toolkit

Angular Toolkit created by THLab, there is a boilerplate for beginning with:
- Multi-language (ngx-translate)
- Lazy-loading modules.
- Toast Service.
- Service Worker (PWA on https).
- Common SEO meta tags.
- Master layout with regular routing.

Hope it can help you to build the amazing applications.

## Development server

Run `npm run start` for a dev server. Auto navigate to `http://localhost:520/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Build

Run `npm run build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Authority and Contribution

The source code was attached MIT License, so feel free to use it for your commercial purposes and customize it to be your (and your team) toolkit as well.

If you have any feedback, please just ask me in [Email](mailto:trunghieu.lam.31@gmail.com), [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/trunghieu.lam.32) or [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/trunghieulam/).

Commit message:

init game connect four with angular toolkit

README.md, after:

# Connect Four

A mini game created by Alex (THLab) for interviewing based on his Angular Toolkit v9, running on [Connect 4](https://connect4.lamtrunghieu.com/home).

## Angular Toolkit

Angular Toolkit created by THLab, there is a boilerplate for beginning with:
- Multi-language (ngx-translate)
- Lazy-loading modules.
- Toast Service.
- Service Worker (PWA on https).
- Common SEO meta tags.
- Master layout with regular routing.

Hope it can help you to build the amazing applications.

## Development server

Run `npm run start` for a dev server. Auto navigate to `http://localhost:520/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Build

Run `npm run build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Authority and Contribution

The source code was attached MIT License, so feel free to use it for your commercial purposes and customize it to be your (and your team) toolkit as well.

If you have any feedback, please just ask me in [Email](mailto:trunghieu.lam.31@gmail.com), [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/trunghieu.lam.32) or [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/trunghieulam/).
